# Template: Weekly Activity Reports
01-24-2019
# Dane's Weekly Activity Report - Thursday, January 24, 2019
### Legend
 - [Objective](#objective)
 - [Work I Did](#work-i-did)
 - [Meetings](#meetings)
 - [Summary](#summary)
 - [Follow up](#follow-up)

### Big Three

- Worked on using tensorflow through Jupyter notebook to run computer vision algorithms

- Trying to decide where computer vision will fit into the overall solution for our project

- Attended Synapse conference to talk to vendors about existing solutions

### Objective

Make a computer vision model using tensorflow and Jupyter notebook to help identify security devices (cameras and other drones).

### Work I Did

I worked my way through a basic computer vision tutorial on tensorflow, and attended the Synapse conference.
After doing some research and talking to a couple vendors at the Synapse conference I have questions about where comuter vision willf it into our final solution.


### Meetings
 I met with some interesting people at the Synapse conference that I think may be able to help us with our project. 
 In particular, a company that uses RF antennas to identify other drones, and their controllers.

### Summary/Remarks:

- I am more confident about using tensorflow on Jupyter, and I am building up to training my own model with a custom dataset.

- I would like to talk to Pablo about how he would like to use computer vision moving forward given what I learned at Synapse and through my own research.

- I would like to look further into how to create my computer vision model, and perhaps find a new way that it can be applied to our project.


### Follow up

- I need to speak with Pablo and David regarding the effectiveness of using computer vision to identify cameras and other connected security devices.
